--A description of the structure and function of the database--

The User table is the master table for all the registered members
of the site. It includes their real name, username, and password.
Along with it are the Faculty and Admin tables, which list users
which have special access to the site. Users in the Faculty table
can view student profiles and match students to jobs and degrees.
Users in the Admin table can view and edit other profiles on the
site.

The Job and Degree tables give a name for that degree or job and
a unique ID number. They also document some info about each job
or degree.

The Skill table contains a column for every skill tracked by the
website, as well as a column for an ID number. Each row represents
an entity which can have associated skills, and its ID references
an entry in either the user table, the job table, or the degree
table. For each skill, the row has an integer 1 to 5. For users,
that number represents how proficient they are with that skill.
For jobs, it's how much they require that skill. For degrees, it's
whether that degree teaches that skill. 

Our algorithm will query the Skill table for a student and a degree,
add their skills together, and then query it again for a job that
matches the resulting skill set. Alternatively, the algorithm will
query the table for a student and a job, subtract the students
skill set from the jobs necessary skills, and then find a degree
that teaches the skills that remain.
